# PaymentInitiationPaymentStatus

The status of the payment.  `PAYMENT_STATUS_INPUT_NEEDED`: This is the initial state of all payments. It indicates that the payment is waiting on user input to continue processing. A payment may re-enter this state later on if further input is needed.  `PAYMENT_STATUS_INITIATED`: The payment has been successfully authorised and accepted by the financial institution but has not been executed.  `PAYMENT_STATUS_INSUFFICIENT_FUNDS`: The payment has failed due to insufficient funds.  `PAYMENT_STATUS_FAILED`: The payment has failed to be initiated. This error is retryable once the root cause is resolved.  `PAYMENT_STATUS_BLOCKED`: The payment has been blocked. This is a retryable error.  `PAYMENT_STATUS_AUTHORISING`: The payment is currently being processed. The payment will automatically exit this state when the financial institution has authorised the transaction.  `PAYMENT_STATUS_CANCELLED`: The payment was cancelled during authorisation.  `PAYMENT_STATUS_EXECUTED`: The payment has been successfully initiated and is considered complete.  `PAYMENT_STATUS_ESTABLISHED`: Indicates that the standing order has been successfully established. This state is only used for standing orders.  `PAYMENT_STATUS_REJECTED`: The payment was rejected by the financial institution.  Deprecated: These statuses will be removed in a future release.  `PAYMENT_STATUS_UNKNOWN`: The payment status is unknown.  `PAYMENT_STATUS_PROCESSING`: The payment is currently being processed. The payment will automatically exit this state when processing is complete.  `PAYMENT_STATUS_COMPLETED`: Indicates that the standing order has been successfully established. This state is only used for standing orders.

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**value** | **str** | The status of the payment.  &#x60;PAYMENT_STATUS_INPUT_NEEDED&#x60;: This is the initial state of all payments. It indicates that the payment is waiting on user input to continue processing. A payment may re-enter this state later on if further input is needed.  &#x60;PAYMENT_STATUS_INITIATED&#x60;: The payment has been successfully authorised and accepted by the financial institution but has not been executed.  &#x60;PAYMENT_STATUS_INSUFFICIENT_FUNDS&#x60;: The payment has failed due to insufficient funds.  &#x60;PAYMENT_STATUS_FAILED&#x60;: The payment has failed to be initiated. This error is retryable once the root cause is resolved.  &#x60;PAYMENT_STATUS_BLOCKED&#x60;: The payment has been blocked. This is a retryable error.  &#x60;PAYMENT_STATUS_AUTHORISING&#x60;: The payment is currently being processed. The payment will automatically exit this state when the financial institution has authorised the transaction.  &#x60;PAYMENT_STATUS_CANCELLED&#x60;: The payment was cancelled during authorisation.  &#x60;PAYMENT_STATUS_EXECUTED&#x60;: The payment has been successfully initiated and is considered complete.  &#x60;PAYMENT_STATUS_ESTABLISHED&#x60;: Indicates that the standing order has been successfully established. This state is only used for standing orders.  &#x60;PAYMENT_STATUS_REJECTED&#x60;: The payment was rejected by the financial institution.  Deprecated: These statuses will be removed in a future release.  &#x60;PAYMENT_STATUS_UNKNOWN&#x60;: The payment status is unknown.  &#x60;PAYMENT_STATUS_PROCESSING&#x60;: The payment is currently being processed. The payment will automatically exit this state when processing is complete.  &#x60;PAYMENT_STATUS_COMPLETED&#x60;: Indicates that the standing order has been successfully established. This state is only used for standing orders. |  must be one of ["PAYMENT_STATUS_INPUT_NEEDED", "PAYMENT_STATUS_PROCESSING", "PAYMENT_STATUS_INITIATED", "PAYMENT_STATUS_COMPLETED", "PAYMENT_STATUS_INSUFFICIENT_FUNDS", "PAYMENT_STATUS_FAILED", "PAYMENT_STATUS_BLOCKED", "PAYMENT_STATUS_UNKNOWN", "PAYMENT_STATUS_EXECUTED", "PAYMENT_STATUS_AUTHORISING", "PAYMENT_STATUS_CANCELLED", "PAYMENT_STATUS_ESTABLISHED", "PAYMENT_STATUS_REJECTED", ]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


